docs: add page for ErrorBoundary (#333)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/v3/advanced/errorboundary.md

---
title: 'ErrorBoundary'
meta_title: 'ErrorBoundary'

> meta_description: 'ErrorBoundary helps to catch errors in reactivesearch components using a declarative API.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_description: 'ErrorBoundary helps to catch errors in reactivesearch components using a declarative API'
```
